With examples for Engy style and if now something relate to NZ style is Engy class.
Now we learn that N-G style allows us to dynamically assign a style.
Now I will also add Engy classier and we're Engy style allowed us to change to see us as style itself
N-G class allows us to dynamically add or remove C S S classes.
So let's create such a class in four days.
First of all add my styles here.
And I will use tactics to writers over multiple lines and I would give this a class name of online in
which case I want to color the text white so that's all I want to do because I think it's kind of hard
to read the black text on the green background.
So back here N-G class also.
This is the directive also only works as intended when using property binding.
So let's wrap it in square brackets too.
And here we also need to pass a javascript object and that's just the case for this property of this
directive.
Of course each property you bind to may take a different value like disabled which took true or false.
So here it's a javascript object and French class object works like this.
We also have key value pairs.
The key is see us as class names and the values are the conditions determining whether this class should
be attached or not.
So here we have the online class.
You could also wrap this in single quotation marks.
If you had a class name with a dash inside of it or something like this.
And here.
Well I want to attach this.
Only if the server is online so only a server status equals on line on line.
Here it's a string between single quotation marks.
Now of course you could also outsource this in a method you call this service status equal online check.
But here I will write it inline.
So if this is on line we should attach the see us as class on line to this paragraph.
Our Wise's should not get attached.
Let's view this in the running application.
Both are off line so not that you should have T-Online see us as class added to it.
And indeed I can't find a class on any of the two.
Now let's reload and hope that some of them is off line or online excusing both art.
So let's check it.
Now we see the online class has been added.
Actually to both of them because this is how Engy class works.
It only adds xes as class if a certain condition is true.
And that's an example for a number both in directive and not bold in attribute directive